#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via gdown
catboost==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
deap==1.4.1
    # via tpot
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
feature-engine==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.12.4
    # via gdown
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
gdown==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tpot
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
mlxtend==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   deap
    #   feature-engine
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   xgboost
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   feature-engine
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
phik==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.0.1
    # via matplotlib
plotly==5.17.0
    # via catboost
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
requests[socks]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   update-checker
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feature-engine
    #   mlxtend
    #   tpot
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   feature-engine
    #   lightgbm
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   gdown
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via feature-engine
stopit==1.1.2
    # via tpot
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tpot==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
    #   tpot
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via tpot
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
xgboost==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tpot
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-resources
zodiac-sign==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
